Lot of the letters and typically in robotics robots get a continuous feed of images through its camera.
So it is mandatory to be able to read a video stream up and see the library supports this functionality.
It is possible to read BILYEU streams from cameras or from video files and also to save them to some
other files.
In this video.
I'm going to show how we can read that video stream from this become also from a video file.
Let us consider the fired real video by.
So as usual we need to import no pie and Sivi to library and often see the library.
And then in order to capture a video stream we're going to use the method that capture of the up and
see the lever.
So video capture can be applied either to really from a camera device attached to the computer or also
to read from a video file.
So for example when we put zero it means we're going to connect to the first video device connected
to the computer.
So on a computer it's going to be US becoming a video stream is actually a collection of images we need
to have a way to read the phrase coming from the video stream.
So here we go for an endless row.
And we use the video capture object that we have created here and the method tree.
So that is going to retire one image from the biggest is going to the image by image and we returned
them one by one and they we can just use the same like an image from an image file.
So for example you can display the image or to clearly see that we will have some delay between one
frame and another.
So usually we can play with this depending on how fast we want the video to be played.
And this is expressed in millisecond So if I make a delay of 1000 millisecond it means every single
I'm able to process one free.
So for example we are going to see only one frame per second.
However we want to have a smoother review stream.
In this case we can put in a very small study for example then millisecond.
And finally we're going to wait for the key cue to be pressed in order to break the loop and close the
program.
So here we release the video capture and destroy all the windows that are.
So let us run the script now and see what happens.
So you can see how the camera has opened and I can play my hand so you can see my hand here moving with
me because we have put a very small delay.
That's right not to increase the delay.
I'm going to ask you to leave program.
Now I'm going to put one second delay between one frame and the other.
Now we can play again.
So you can see now that is much bigger delay of the motion of the motion becomes less smoother than
before because you put one second delay between one frame.
And so there is the delay is not easy but it is also possible to read the video stream from a file.
So instead of reading from the device we can specify the path to a video file and then using the same
will why we will read the file frame by frame and then we will show every frame in the window so we
can't right now on the spine so we can see now this is the bit you are doing now is going to be very
slow because you really have to be able to one second.
So let me put this one at one millisecond and then we try to run again.
And by the way the last of the five is around 30 minutes.
So you can see when I put it that way the second the fight is going to be executed pretty much fast.
Now instead of having three minutes of lag is going to run on in a few seconds.
This is because people are so afraid very fast.
One frame per second.
So here you need to carefully adjust the value of the delay.
And usually 25 milliseconds would be an appropriate.
So you can see in the video is exactly the minutes that you is going to exist in only a few seconds.
We can also lose some image processing before showing the video for example here.
I would love to convert the image to gray color.
OK so you can see now when you want to be black and white grayscale.
You can also resize.
You can do any kind of processing on the plane for this plane.
OK so now you have resized to 50 percent.
So in this video we have demonstrated how we can upload a video screen up and CD either from a camera
or from a video file.